docs: add keyring examples (#221)
aws/aws-encryption-sdk-python: examples/README.md

You can find examples that demonstrate these APIs
in the [`examples/src/`](./src) directory.

* [How to encrypt and decrypt](./src/onestep_defaults.py)
* [How to change the algorithm suite](./src/onestep_unsigned.py)
* [How to encrypt and decrypt data streams in memory](./src/in_memory_streaming_defaults.py)
* [How to encrypt and decrypt data streamed between files](./src/file_streaming_defaults.py)

## Configuration

> To use the library APIs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the encryption and decryption APIs,
```

you need to describe how you want the library to protect your data keys.

> You can do this using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do this by instantiating/configuring/creating ...
```
Choose the best verb for this idiom, but it needs to be prefixed with "by."

Author: ```suggestion
You can do this by configuring
```

[keyrings](#keyrings) or [cryptographic materials managers](#cryptographic-materials-managers),

> or using [master key providers](#master-key-providers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or by using [master key providers](#master-key-providers).
```

Author: ```suggestion
or by configuring [master key providers](#master-key-providers).
```

These examples will show you how to use the configuration tools that we include for you

> as well as how to create some of your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and how to create some of your own.
```

We start with AWS KMS examples, then show how to use other wrapping keys.

* Using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)

>     * How to use a single AWS KMS CMK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * How to use one AWS KMS CMK
```

You can find examples that demonstrate these APIs
in the [`examples/src/`](./src) directory.

> * [How to use the one-step APIs](./src/onestep_defaults.py)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [How to encrypt and decrypt](./src/onestep_defaults.py)
```

> * [How to change the algorithm suite](./src/onestep_unsigned.py)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [How to really screw up your security model for fun and profit](./src/onestep_unsigned.py)
```

Seriously, do we want to show this? We don't recommend it.

Author: The example I show is using the AES-GCM-256-HKDF-SHA256 algorithm suite. The default but without the full message signature.

In the example description I go into more details about why you might want to turn off the full message signature and how to tell if it will change your security model.

> * [How to stream data in memory](./src/in_memory_streaming_defaults.py)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [How to encrypt and decrypt data streams in memory](./src/in_memory_streaming_defaults.py)
```

> * [How to stream data between files](./src/file_streaming_defaults.py)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [How to encrypt and decrypt data streamed between files](./src/file_streaming_defaults.py)
```

## Configuration

To use the library APIs,
you need to describe how you want the library to protect your data keys.
You can do this using
[keyrings](#keyrings) or [cryptographic materials managers](#cryptographic-materials-managers),
or using [master key providers](#master-key-providers).

> These examples will show you how.

Reviewer: Say something about how these are organized (e.g. KMS v. raw). Otherwise, the first thing people see is KMS and they might not understand why.

> * AWS KMS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
```

    * How to use a single AWS KMS CMK
        * [with keyrings](./src/keyring/aws_kms/single_cmk.py)
    * How to use multiple AWS KMS CMKs in different regions
        * [with keyrings](./src/keyring/aws_kms/multiple_regions.py)

>     * How to decrypt when you don't know the CMK beforehand

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * How to decrypt when you don't know the CMK
```

>     * How to decrypt when you don't know the CMK beforehand

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * How to decrypt when you don't know the CMK
```

        * [with keyrings](./src/keyring/aws_kms/discovery_decrypt.py)

>     * How to decrypt only within a region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * How to decrypt within a region
```

        * [with keyrings](./src/keyring/aws_kms/discovery_decrypt_in_region_only.py)
    * How to decrypt with a preferred region but fail other to others
        * [with keyrings](./src/keyring/aws_kms/discovery_decrypt_with_preferred_regions.py)

> * Raw wrapping keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using raw wrapping keys
```

## Legacy

This section includes older examples,

> including examples of using master keys and master key providers in Java and Python.

Reviewer 2: Why does this mention Java?
